# Exam Prep

## KC - Assessment Scenario Certification Preparation

#### 1. A federal contractor located in Seattle is expanding their cloud presence to Germany, which has strict rules on data that originated in Germany leaving the region, known as data sovereignty. They know that they will have auditors auditing both regions. What selection criteria should be prioritized for this customer's expansion needs?
- [ ] Customer requirements
- [ ] Proximity to customers
- [ ] Services available within the Region
- [x] Data governance, legal requirements ✅

#### 2. A federal contractor located in Seattle is expanding their cloud presence to Germany, which has strict rules on data that originated in Germany leaving the region, known as data sovereignty. They know that they will have auditors auditing both regions. Which services would be considered global for this customer? (Select THREE.)
- [ ] Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)
- [x] Amazon Cloud Front ✅
- [x] Amazon Route 53 ✅
- [ ] Amazon Machine Images (AMIs)
- [x] AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) ✅

#### 3. A financial company is working with AWS for their new website. Administrators update images and related content on a monthly basis. They have noticed that the website's images take a while to load, especially for some of the global customers.
What service would be beneficial for reducing the latency on image downloads?
- [x] Amazon CloudFront ✅
- [ ] Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)
- [ ] Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)
- [ ] Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)

#### 4. A financial company is working with AWS for their new website. Administrators update images and related content on a monthly basis. They have noticed that the website's images take a while to load, especially for some of the global customers.
Where should the images that are used for the website stored?
- [ ] Amazon Glacier
- [x] Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) ✅
- [ ] Amazon CloudFront
- [ ] Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)

#### 5. A financial company is working with AWS for their new website. Administrators update images and related content on a monthly basis. They have noticed that the website's images take a while to load, especially for some of the global customers.
What AWS CLI output format is most readable by a person, and should be selected by the SysOps administrator to show the customer the results of the image search?
- [ ] Text
- [ ] JavaScript Object Notation (JSON)
- [ ] Command
- [x] Table ✅

#### 6. A financial company is working with AWS for their new website. Administrators update images and related content on a monthly basis. They have noticed that the website's images take a while to load, especially for some of the global customers. Which AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI) command should the SysOps administrator use to check all the permissions that are needed to run the required action of the image archive before the action is executed?
- [ ] --output
- [ ] --filter
- [x] --dry-run ✅
- [ ] --query

#### 7. A startup tech has just created a mobile app that allows a customer to place a lunch order for delivery with local restaurants through a third party courier. They want to provide the customer and the restaurant with a notification that the delivery has been completed, as the building is secure and all food orders are left in the lobby.
What services could be used to provide the startup's customer with a notification of the food delivery? (Select TWO.)
- [ ] Amazon Lightsail
- [ ] Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)
- [x] AWS Lambda ✅
- [x] Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) ✅
- [ ] Amazon Machine Images (AMIs)

#### 8. A startup tech has just created a mobile app that allows a customer to place a lunch order for delivery with local restaurants through a third party courier. They want to provide the customer and the restaurant with a notification that the delivery has been completed, as the building is secure and all food orders are left in the lobby.
Which IP address provides metadata service for all the instances associated with the mobile app?
- [ ] 127.255.255.255
- [ ] 169.254.255.255
- [x] 169.254.169.254 ✅
- [ ] 100.127.255.255

#### 9. A SysOps engineer working at a local university has decided to launch Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances to reduce their hardware footprint. They are new to AWS and will only need to launch in one region until their business grows. When does user data run when you provision an instance?
- [ ] Creation
- [x] Initialization ✅
- [ ] Deployment
- [ ] Termination

#### 10. A SysOps engineer working at a local university has decided to launch Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances to reduce their hardware footprint. They are new to AWS and will only need to launch in one region until their business grows. What type of Amazon EC2 instance would be a best practice for selection?
- [ ] Reserved
- [ ] Dedicated
- [ ] Spot
- [x] On-Demand ✅

#### 11. A SysOps engineer working at a local university has decided to launch Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances to reduce their hardware footprint. They are new to AWS and will only need to launch in one region until their business grows. What actions should the customer take if they would like new hardware to support the Amazon EC2 instance? (Select TWO.)
- [x] Stop the instance ✅
- [ ] Terminate the instance
- [x] Start the instance ✅
- [ ] Reboot the instance
- [ ] Create a new instance

#### 12. A floral warehouse has just expanded delivery of wholesale flowers and plants to another region of the country and has experienced unexpected growth. They have an online ordering system that promises 48 hour delivery; therefore, they need quick notification of orders to the fulfillment center and a way to track their inventory more efficiently. As a consultant working with a floral warehouse customer that wants to enhance the infrastructure to support the growth, but needs to meet compliance requirements.
Which feature would support the warehouse manager's goal of having their customers receiving real time messages without requiring the customers to make additional requests to the server?
- [ ] Request tracing
- [ ] Sticky sessions
- [x] WebSockets ✅
- [ ] Operational monitoring

#### 13. A floral warehouse has just expanded delivery of wholesale flowers and plants to another region of the country and has experienced unexpected growth. They have an online ordering system that promises 48 hour delivery; therefore, they need quick notification of orders to the fulfillment center and a way to track their inventory more efficiently. As a consultant working with a floral warehouse customer that wants to enhance the infrastructure to support the growth, but needs to meet compliance requirements.
Which failover configuration of Amazon Route 53 would support the warehouse's website so that it is available for the majority of the time, even if there are unhealthy instances?
- [x] Active-active failover ✅
- [ ] Active-passive failover
- [ ] Mixed failover configurations
- [ ] Active-active-passive failover

#### 14. A floral warehouse has just expanded delivery of wholesale flowers and plants to another region of the country and has experienced unexpected growth. They have an online ordering system that promises 48 hour delivery; therefore, they need quick notification of orders to the fulfillment center and a way to track their inventory more efficiently. As a consultant working with a floral warehouse customer that wants to enhance the infrastructure to support the growth, but needs to meet compliance requirements.
What functions does Amazon Route 53 provide for a website? (Select THREE.)
- [x] Routes traffic to the website based on the domain name that is entered. ✅
- [ ] Hosting for the website located in different Edge Locations.
- [x] Registers domain names. ✅
- [ ] Configures the best route for automatic scaling to a resource.
- [x] Completes health checks of the resource to ensure it can be reached. ✅

#### 15. A floral warehouse has just expanded delivery of wholesale flowers and plants to another region of the country and has experienced unexpected growth. They have an online ordering system that promises 48 hour delivery; therefore, they need quick notification of orders to the fulfillment center and a way to track their inventory more efficiently. As a consultant working with a floral warehouse customer that wants to enhance the infrastructure to support the growth, but needs to meet compliance requirements.
Which services can be used to store session-related information off from an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance so that the instance remains stateless? (Select TWO.)
- [ ] Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)
- [x] Amazon ElastiCache ✅
- [x] Amazon DynamoDB ✅
- [ ] Amazon Auto Scaling
- [ ] Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS)

#### 16. A trucking company is looking to track their fleet better and to ensure that they have updated information on the trucks each time they reach the office. Many of the trucks are out on the road for days at a time, but may be at the office for a break period that can last up to a day.
A trucking company is looking to minimize dependence on their current cloud service provider so they are not "locked in", while increasing their development of various applications. The company is trying to decide if they should use containers or go serverless. They know they only need secure, compute capacity when the trucks are at their home base, which may last a day a couple times a month. Sometimes they support partner companies when they are in town; therefore, they may need to accommodate those users once every couple months. What type of solution would be most ideal for the trucking company?
- [ ] On-premises
- [x] Serverless ✅
- [ ] Internet of Things (IoT)
- [ ] Hybrid

#### 17. A trucking company is looking to track their fleet better and to ensure that they have updated information on the trucks each time they reach the office. Many of the trucks are out on the road for days at a time, but may be at the office for a break period that can last up to a day.
A trucking company is looking to minimize dependence on their current cloud service provider so they are not "locked in", while increasing their development velocity of various applications. The company is trying to decide if they should use containers or go serverless. They know they only need secure, compute capacity when the trucks are at their home base, which may last a day a couple times a month. Sometimes they support partner companies when they are in town; therefore, they may need to accommodate those users once every couple of months.
What type of Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance should be used with AWS Lambda for the most economic benefit, while maintaining security and resiliency for the trucking company's use case?
- [ ] Reserved
- [ ] Dedicated
- [x] Spot ✅
- [ ] On-Demand

#### 18. A trucking company is looking to track their fleet better and to ensure that they have updated information on the trucks each time they reach the office. Many of the trucks are out on the road for days at a time, but may be at the office for a break period that can last up to a day.
A trucking company is looking to minimize dependence on their current cloud service provider so they are not "locked in", while increasing their development velocity of various applications. The company is trying to decide if they should use containers or go serverless. They know they only need secure, compute capacity when the trucks are at their home base, which may last a day a couple times a month. Sometimes they support partner companies when they are in town; therefore, they may need to accommodate those users once every couple of months.
Which data streaming service could be added to the trucking company's serverless design to analyze data that can be customized for future applications?
- [x] Amazon Kinesis ✅
- [ ] Amazon Cognito
- [ ] AWS Lambda
- [ ] Amazon Redshift


#### 19. A trucking company is looking to track their fleet better and to ensure that they have updated information on the trucks each time they reach the office. Many of the trucks are out on the road for days at a time, but may be at the office for a break period that can last up to a day.
A trucking company is looking to minimize dependence on their current cloud service provider so they are not "locked in", while increasing their development velocity of various applications. The company is trying to decide if they should use containers or go serverless. They know they only need secure, compute capacity when the trucks are at their home base, which may last a day a couple times a month. Sometimes they support partner companies when they are in town; therefore, they may need to accommodate those users once every couple of months. How many IAM policies support AWS Lambda authentication?
- [x] Two ✅
- [ ] Four
- [ ] Three
- [ ] One

#### 23. A FinTech bank has created a new credit card line; therefore, will need to expand its database to capture new customer profiles and link existing customer profiles to the new card line, while maintaining security and PCI compliance requirements. The bank is entirely in the cloud and provides their customer's with unique financial visualizations about their financial habits. Their customers use a mobile app and website for their account transactions and profiles.
What database should be used to track the customer's monthly session data, which can provide insight into the mobile app features that customers use the most and thus help develop cost- effective enhancements for version updates?
- [ ] Amazon Aurora
- [x] Amazon DynamoDB ✅
- [ ] Amazon Neptune
- [ ] Amazon ElastiCache

#### 24. The automotive industry is now developing a specific unmanned ground vehicle (UGV) to be used by the military that provides alerts to the operator of hazardous conditions, loss of connection, or vehicle damage. They know they will need to align with the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) guidelines 800-171 regarding the vehicle's security strength to protect its location at all times. The application used by each UGV will be hosted in its own virtual private cloud (VPC) and run in a private subnet.
What type of network connection should be used to allow the UGV applications to securely share data between each other?
- [ ] AWS Direct Connect
- [x] VPC peering ✅
- [ ] Dedicated Hosts
- [ ] Internet gateway

#### 27. The local power company has recently installed a new power grid within the community. They are working with the local government to acquire funding for a second power grid, but must show data that shows the cost reductions and how that translates to increased consumption time windows. This data needs to be kept for a minimum of 10 years in case of audit or by inquiry of a government agency. The power company wants to engage the community and gain their support, as their individual and communal power consumption is reflected in the data.
The power company has determined they will access the data at the end of each quarter, but the CEO wants to be able to access this data at anytime without wait.
 What storage solution would support this use case the best?
- [ ] Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)
- [x] Amazon S3 STANDARD Infrequent Access (IA) ✅
- [ ] Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
- [ ] Amazon Glacier

#### 31. A local hospital is preparing for an audit and needs to show that they are in compliance with HIPAA requirements. This includes security, data lifecycle management, and compliance. They have experienced problems in the past with an employee that has accessed patient records that were not relevant to their immediate job tasks. The CEO of the hospital wants to ensure that mitigation to this issue has been resolved and has had the SysOps team employ various AWS monitoring and security services.
A Support Engineer is trying to retrieve AWS CloudTrail log files.
What file extension is associated with this type of log file?
- [ ] .log
- [x] .gz ✅
- [ ] .aws
- [ ] .png

#### 33. A local hospital is preparing for an audit and needs to show that they are in compliance with HIPAA requirements. This includes security, data lifecycle management, and compliance. They have experienced problems in the past with an employee that has accessed patient records that were not relevant to their immediate job tasks. The CEO of the hospital wants to ensure that mitigation to this issue has been resolved and has had the SysOps team employ various AWS monitoring and security services.
A Support Engineer is reviewing Amazon CloudWatch metrics.
Which metric will provide her with insight on the number of bytes written to all instance store volumes that are available to an instance?
- [ ] DiskReadBytes
- [x] DiskWriteBytes ✅
- [ ] DiskReadOps
- [ ] DiskWriteOps

#### 35. A local hospital is preparing for an audit and needs to show that they are in compliance with HIPAA requirements. This includes security, data life cycle management, and compliance. They have experienced problems in the past with an employee that has accessed patient records that were not relevant to their immediate job tasks. The CEO of the hospital wants to ensure that mitigation to this issue has been resolved and has had the SysOps team employ various AWS monitoring and security services.
The hospital CEO has requested additional information on what exactly they are responsible for regarding security because they might be asked questions during an audit.
Which statements describe the sole security responsibilities of the hospital (customer) that can be supported with by evidence from monitoring? (Select THREE.)
- [x] Resource access ✅
- [ ] Hardware and software at or below the hypervisor level
- [x] Customer-stored data ✅
- [x] Network logins ✅
- [ ] Patch management at the infrastructure level

#### 41. A global travel company has announced a company restructure in order to re-invest profits into customer facing technology. The IT budget has been re-allocated by 20% for the upcoming year; therefore} staff will be forced to make standardizations and efficiencies with the new budget until the new technology generates increased profits. The travel company is planning to deploy a new phone app so customers can book travel. This app will store a lot of personal data about their customers so the customers can book their travel more quickly, including their names, addresses, credit card information, passport numbers, and other details. A challenge is that a hacker could obtain this data or even appear at the customer's home while the customer is on travel.
What potential solutions could the Cloud Engineer use to secure customer information in cloud deployments from hacker penetration? (Select THREE.)
- [ ] Application access via edge locations and Amazon CloudFront caches is supposed by automatic scaling for capacity needs" (or something similar
- [ ] Automation of secure deployments with AWS CloudFormation and AWS Config
- [x] Data encryption when in transit with Transport Layer Security (TLS) and at rest with AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) ✅
- [x] Permission policies for all types of testing, which is obtained through root credentials and use of access controls ✅
- [x] Network firewalls built into Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) with the use of Amazon GuardDuty ✅

#### 42. A global travel company has announced a company restructure in order to re-invest profits into customer facing technology. The IT budget has been re-allocated by 20% for the upcoming year; therefore, staff will be forced to make standardizations and efficiencies with the new budget until the new technology generates increased profits. The Cloud Engineer is planning his AWS CloudFormation templates to support the upcoming deployment of the travel company's new phone app.
What is the maximum number of outputs that can be declared per template?
- [ ] 40
- [ ] 100
- [ ] 80
- [x] 200 ✅

#### 45. A global travel company has announced a company restructure in order to re-invest profits into customer facing technology. The IT budget has been re-allocated by 20% for the upcoming year; therefore, staff will be forced to make standardizations and efficiencies with the new budget until the new technology generates increased profits.
The Cloud Engineer is working with the Department Manager, and she is explaining AWS CloudFormation templates and their respective sections. She explains that as the template is built, the values in one section might refer to another section.
Which template section would provide additional information about the template, and would come after the description?
- [ ] Resources
- [ ] Conditions
- [x] Metadata ✅
- [ ] Outputs

#### 46. A global travel company has announced a company restructure in order to re-invest profits into customer facing technology: The IT budget has been re-allocated by 20% for the upcoming year; therefore, staff will be forced to make standardizations and efficiencies with the new budget until the new technology generates increased profits.
Which statements describe best practices for AWS CloudFormation that a Cloud Engineer might require his team to use as a standard for efficiency? (Select THREE.)
- [x] Reuse templates to build stacks for different environments ✅
- [ ] Ensure there are no dependencies between layers
- [x] Plan and organize stacks before creating them ✅
- [x] Organize resources in the same stack based on their ownership and lifecycles ✅
- [ ] Disperse resources across multiple stacks based on their tags

#### 47. A global travel company has announced a company restructure in order to re-invest profits into customer facing technology. The IT budget has been re-allocated by 20% for the upcoming year; therefore, staff will be forced to make standardizations and efficiencies with the new budget until the new technology generates increased profits.
The Cloud Engineer has received the error Status-start_failed when he tries to launch another Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance. He has verified that there are 20 instances.
Which actions can he take so that the new instance can be created? (Select TWO.)
- [x] Request a limit increase ✅
- [ ] Launch a different type of instance
- [ ] Create the instance again
- [x] Delete excess instances ✅
- [ ] Place the instance in another account

***

## KC - Cloud Computing

#### 1. What is the pricing model that enables AWS customers to pay for resources on an as- needed basis? (Select the best answer.)
- [ ] Pay as you buy
- [ ] Pay as you reserve
- [ ] Pay as you decommission
- [x] Pay as you go ✅

#### 2. All are a cloud deployment model EXCEPT:
- [ ] Platform as a service (PaaS)
- [ ] Software as a service (SaaS)
- [x] System administration as a service ✅
- [ ] Infrastructure as a service (IaaS)

#### 3. True or False? AWS owns and maintains the network-connected hardware required for application services, while you provision and use what you need.
- [x] True ✅
- [ ] False

#### 4. Which of these is not a primary benefit of cloud computing over on-premises computing? Select the best answer.
- [ ] Eliminate guessing on your infrastructure capacity needs
- [ ] Benefit from massive economies of scale
- [ ] Increased speed and agility
- [x] Pay for racking, stacking, and powering servers ✅

#### 5. All are benefits of AWS Cloud computing EXCEPT (Choose two):
- [x] High latency ✅
- [ ] Temporary and disposable resources
- [ ] High availability
- [x] Multiple procurement cycles ✅
- [ ] Fault-tolerant databases

#### 6. What is a reason businesses are switching to cloud computing?
- [ ] Instant configuration
- [ ] Finite infrastructure
- [x] Increased speed and agility ✅
- [ ] Over provisioning

#### 7. True or False? Cloud computing provides a simple way to access servers, storage, databases, and a broad set of application services over the internet. You own the network-connected hardware required for these services and AWS provisions what you need.
- [ ] True
- [x] False ✅

#### 8. Economies of scale result from ___. Select the best answer.
- [ ] having to invest heavily in data centers and servers
- [x] having hundreds of thousands of customers aggregated in the cloud ✅
- [ ] having many different cloud providers
- [ ] having hundreds of cloud services available over the internet

#### 9. What are the three ways to access AWS services? Select three responses.
- [x] Software development kits SDKs ✅
- [x] AWS Management Console ✅
- [x] AWS Command Line Interface AWS CLI ✅
- [ ] Calling technical support
- [ ] Through the AWS Marketplace

***

## KC - Cloud Economics

#### 1. For certain services like Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) and Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS), you can invest in reserved capacity. Reserved Instances are available in what three payment options? (Select THREE.)
- [ ] Scheduled Instance (Sl)
- [x] Partial up-front reserved instance (PURI) ✅
- [x] No up-front (NURI) ✅
- [ ] All up-front capacity reservation (AUCR)
- [x] All up-front reserved instance (AURI) ✅

#### 2. What type of AWS data transfer is free for Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)? (Select THREE.)
- [x] Up to 1 GB data transfer OUT from Amazon S3 to the internet ✅
- [x] Outbound data transfer from Amazon S3 to Amazon CloudFront ✅
- [ ] Outbound data transfer from Amazon S3 to all Regions
- [x] Data transfer IN to Amazon S3 from Internet ✅

#### 3. True or false? To receive the discounted rate associated with Reserved Instances, you must make a full, up-front payment for the term of the agreement.
- [x] False ✅
- [ ] True

#### 4. There is no charge for which of the following? (Select TWO.)
- [ ] Outbound data transfer
- [x] Inbound data transfer ✅
- [ ] Compute
- [x] Data transfer between services ✅
- [ ] Storage

#### 5. How often do you pay for compute resources from the time you launch a resource until you terminate it with the "pay as you go" pricing model?
- [ ] Daily
- [x] Secondly and hourly ✅
- [ ] Quarterly
- [ ] Monthly

#### 6. As AWS grows, the general cost of doing business is reduced and savings are passed back to the customer in the form of lower pricing. What is this optimization called?
- [ ] Economies of optimization
- [x] Economies of scale ✅
- [ ] Economies of labor
- [ ] Economies of scope

#### 7. True or false? AWS offers a variety of services at no charge. For example, Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC), AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM), consolidated billing, AWS Elastic Beanstalk, AWS Auto Scaling, AWS OpsWorks and AWS CloudFormation. Although there is no charge for these services, there may be charges associated with other AWS services used in conjunction with these services.
- [x] True ✅
- [ ] False

#### 8. When are free AWS data transfers applicable? (Select TWO.)
- [ ] Free inbound data transfer across all AWS services in all Regions
- [ ] Free outbound data transfer across all AWS services in all Regions
- [x] Free outbound data transfers within the same Region, within the same Availability Zone, and that use a private IP address ✅
- [x] Free inbound data transfer for Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances ✅

#### 9. True or false? Unlimited services are available via the AWS Free Tier to new AWS customers for 12 months following their AWS signup date.
- [ ] True
- [x] False ✅

***

## KC - AWS Global Infrastructure

#### 1. Which component of the AWS global infrastructure does Amazon CloudFront use to ensure low-latency delivery?
- [ ] AWS Regions
- [ ] AWS Availability Zone
- [ ] Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC)
- [x] AWS Edge Locations ✅

#### 2. You can run applications and workloads from a Region to ___ latency to end users.
- [ ] increase
- [ ] maintain
- [ ] measure
- [x] decrease ✅

#### 3. True or False? Each Availability Zone is designed to be isolated from failures in other Availability Zones.
- [x] True ✅
- [ ] False

#### 4. Which of the following are geographic areas that host two or more Availability Zones?
- [x] AWS Regions ✅
- [ ] Compute zones
- [ ] Edge locations
- [ ] AWS Origins

#### 5. ___ means the infrastructure has built in component redundancy and ___ means that resources dynamically adjust to increases or decreases in capacity requirements.
- [x] Fault tolerant, elastic and scalable ✅
- [ ] Fault tolerant, no human intervention
- [ ] Elastic and scalable, no human intervention
- [ ] Elastic and scalable, fault tolerant

#### 6. True or False? Availability Zones within a Region are connected through low-latency links.
- [x] True ✅
- [ ] False

#### 7. Which of these statements about Availability Zones is not true? Select the best answer.
- [x] A data center can be used for more than one Availability Zone. ✅
- [ ] Availability Zones are connected to each other using high-speed private links.
- [ ] Availability Zones are designed for fault isolation.
- [ ] Availability Zones are made up of one or more data centers.

#### 8. What is true about Regions? Select two responses.
- [x] Each region is located in a separate geographic area.
- [ ] Regions are the physical locations of your customers.
- [x] Each region is a physical location that has multiple Availability Zones. ✅
- [ ] All regions are located in one specific geographic area.

#### 9. AWS highly recommends provisioning your compute resources across ___ Availability Zones. Select the best answer.
- [ ] single
- [ ] no
- [x] multiple ✅
- [ ] all

#### 10. True or False? Edge locations are only located in the same general area as Regions.
- [ ] True
- [x] False ✅

***

## KC - Compute

#### 1. Which category of service does Amazon Lightsail belong to?
- [ ] Infrastructure as a service (IaaS)
- [x] Platform as a service (PaaS) ✅
- [ ] Function as a service (FaaS)
- [ ] Software as a service (SaaS)

#### 2. True or False? You can launch multiple instances of different types from a single Amazon Machine Image (AMI) when you launch an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance.
- [ ] False
- [x] True ✅

#### 3. If your project requires you to run monthly reports that iterate through very large amounts of data, which Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) purchasing option should you consider?
- [ ] On-Demand Instances
- [ ] Spot Instances
- [ ] Dedicated Hosts
- [x] Scheduled Reserved Instances ✅

#### 4. Which Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) feature ensures your instances will not share a physical host with instances from any other AWS customer?
- [x] Dedicated Instances ✅
- [ ] Amazon Virtual Private Cloud
- [ ] Reserved Instances
- [ ] Placement groups

#### 5. With the "Pay as you go" pricing model, what is the billing interval for compute resources from the time you launch a resource until you terminate it?
- [x] Monthly ✅
- [ ] Daily
- [ ] Quarterly
- [ ] Hourly and by the second

#### 6. Your web application needs four instances to support steady traffic all the time. On the last day of the month, the traffic triples. What is the most cost-effective way to handle this pattern?
- [x] Run four Reserved Instances constantly, then add eight On-Demand Instances on the last day of each month. ✅
- [ ] Run four On-Demand Instances constantly, then add eight more On-Demand Instances on the last day of each month.
- [ ] Run 12 Reserved Instances all of the time.
- [ ] Run four On-Demand Instances consistently, then add eight Reserved Instances on the last day of each month.

#### 7. Which of the following must be specified when launching a new Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) Windows instance? Select two responses.
- [x] Amazon Machine Image (AMI)
- [ ] Password for the administrator account
- [ ] Amazon EC2 instance ID
- [x] Amazon EC2 instance type ✅

#### 8. Why is AWS more economical than traditional data centers for applications with varying compute workloads? Select the best answer.
- [ ] Customers can permanently run enough instances to handle peak workloads.
- [ ] Customers retain full administrative access to their Amazon EC2 instances
- [ ] Amazon EC2 costs are billed on a monthly basis.
- [x] Amazon EC2 instances can be launched on-demand when needed. ✅

***

## KC - Identity and Access Management [IAM]

#### 1. In the shared responsibility model, AWS has the responsibility of providing what?
- [ ] Security in the cloud
- [x] Security of the cloud ✅
- [ ] Security to the cloud
- [ ] Security for the cloud

#### 2. In the shared responsibility model, which of the following are examples of "security in the cloud?" (Select TWO.)
- [ ] Protecting the global infrastructure
- [x] Which AWS services are used with the content ✅
- [ ] Compliance with compute security standards and regulations
- [ ] Physical security of the facilities where the services operate
- [x] In which country content is stored ✅

#### 3. Which of the following are some of the security benefits that AWS offers? (Select TWO.)
- [ ] Shared collaboration model
- [x] Infrastructure that meets compliance requirements ✅
- [ ] Inventory and application management
- [ ] Data storage
- [x] Secure global infrastructure ✅

#### 4. True or False? AWS is responsible for the security of everything above the hypervisor layer.
- [ ] True
- [x] False ✅

#### 5. Which of the following is the responsibility of AWS under the shared responsibility model?
- [ ] Managing custom Amazon Machine Images (AMIs)
- [ ] Configuring third-party applications
- [x] Maintaining physical hardware ✅
- [ ] Securing application access and data

#### 6. Which resource provides trusted users with temporary security credentials that can control access to your AWS resources?
- [ ] AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) User
- [x] AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS) ✅
- [ ] Application authentication
- [ ] AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI)

#### 7. Which of the following are AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) best practices? (Select TWO.)
- [ ] Leave unused and unnecessary users and credentials in place.
- [ ] Provide users with default administrative privileges.
- [x] Monitor activity in your AWS account. ✅
- [x] Rotate credentials regularly. ✅
- [ ] Do not use groups to assign permissions to IAM users; provide each user with their own set of custom permissions.

#### 8. True or False? AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) is appropriate for operating system (OS) and application authentication.
- [x] False ✅
- [ ] True

#### 9. Where can a customer find information about prohibited actions on AWS infrastructure?
- [ ] AWS Billing Console
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
- [x] AWS Acceptable Use Policy ✅

#### 10. True or False? The access key and secret access key are used to log into the AWS Management Console.
- [ ] True
- [x] False ✅

#### 11. True or False? Using AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) groups is the recommended way to manage the permission of IAM users by job function.
- [x] True ✅
- [ ] False

#### 12. After initial login, what does AWS recommend as the best practice for the AWS account root user?
- [ ] Delete the root user account
- [x] Delete root user access keys ✅
- [ ] Revoke all permissions on the root user account
- [ ] Restrict permission on the root user account

#### 13. How would a system administrator add an additional layer of login security to a user's access to the AWS Management Console?
- [x] Enable multi-factor authentication (MFA) ✅
- [ ] Audit AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) roles
- [ ] Enable AWS CloudTrail
- [ ] Use Amazon Cloud Directory

#### 14. Which of the following are advantages of AWS Cloud security? (Select TWO.)
- [ ] AWS infrastructure security auditing is periodic and manual.
- [ ] AWS uses single-factor access control systems.
- [x] You retain complete control and ownership of your data Region. ✅
- [ ] AWS retains complete control and ownership of your data Region.
- [x] AWS uses multi-factor access control systems. ✅

#### 15. What is AWS Trusted Advisor?
- [ ] A Professional Services offering hat helps you migrate to the cloud.
- [ ] A partner program that helps you validate your application deployment.
- [x] An online tool that helps you configure resources to follow best practices. ✅
- [ ] An AWS service that helps you manage access to your account.

#### 16.Which of the following are included in AWS Assurance Programs? (Select TWO.)
- [x] Laws, regulations, and privacy ✅
- [ ] Industry best practices
- [x] Certifications and attestations ✅
- [ ] Customer testimonials
- [ ] Partner validations

#### 17. When you create an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) policy, what are the two types of access that can be granted to a user? (Select TWO.)
- [x] AWS Management Console access ✅
- [ ] Administrative root access
- [ ] Institutional access
- [ ] Authorized access
- [x] Programmatic access ✅

#### 18. The AWS risk and compliance program is made up of which of the following components? (Select THREE.)
- [x] Risk management ✅
- [x] Information security ✅
- [ ] Physical security
- [ ] Automation environment
- [x] Controlled environment ✅

***
