# Linux

## KC - An Introduction to Linux

#### 1. Which statement about the Linux operating system is true?
- [x] Linux is open source. ✅
- [ ] Linux is owned by an individual.
- [ ] Linux is based on the Microsoft Windows operating system.
- [ ] Linux is used only for desktop computers.

#### 2. Which component of the Linux operating system allocates the memory that is used to run applications?
- [ ] User interface
- [ ] Configuration files
- [x] Kernel ✅
- [ ] Shell

#### 3. What is a Linux daemon?
- [x] A program that provides a service and runs in the background ✅
- [ ] A hardware component that provides security services on a computer
- [ ] A program that manages the file system on a computer
- [ ] A server that controls the devices that are connected to other computers

#### 4. Which command enables you to review the manual page for the *hostname* command?
- [ ] ls hostname
- [ ] print hostname
- [ ] more hostname
- [x] man hostname ✅

#### 5. What are the main components of a Linux distribution? (Select TWO.)

- [x] Kernel ✅
- [ ] Paid support subscription
- [ ] Online tutorial videos
- [ ] Amazon Web Services (AWS) account registration
- [x] Complementary tools and applications ✅

***

## KC - Linux Command Line

#### 1. What is the name of the default Linux shell?
- [ ] Bat
- [ ] Korn
- [ ] C shell
- [x] Bash ✅

#### 2. Which keyboard key automatically completes commands in the default Linux shell?
- [ ] CTRL
- [ ] SHIFT
- [ ] ENTER
- [x] TAB ✅

#### 3. Which keyboard key retrieves the last command that you entered in the default Linux shell?
- [ ] INSERT
- [x] UP arrow ✅
- [ ] ESC
- [ ] BACKSPACE

#### 4. Which command displays the name of the account that you are logged in as in the default Linux shell?
- [ ] history
- [x] whoami ✅
- [ ] login
- [ ] wc

#### 5. Which command displays the name of the computer that you are logged in to in the default Linux shell?
- [ ] cal
- [ ] host
- [x] hostname ✅
- [ ] id

***

## KC - Users and Groups

#### 1. Which statements apply to setting user passwords? (Select TWO).
- [ ] Password characters must all be lowercase.
- [x] Users can reset their own passwords. ✅
- [ ] Passwords must be entered three times.
- [ ] Passwords must be eight characters in length.
- [x] Passwords are set with the passwd command. ✅

#### 2. Which permissions does a standard user have? (Select TWO).
- [ ] Control any service
- [ ] Manage any account
- [x] Access any files that the user has permissions for ✅
- [x] Control any files that the user owns ✅
- [ ] Manage the Linux kernel

#### 3. Which command gives you full administrative privileges and allows you to switch to the root user's environment?
- [ ] useradd
- [ ] sudo
- [ ] bash
- [x] su ✅
 
#### 4. Which command allows you to add a user to a group?
- [ ] groupadd
- [ ] sudo
- [ ] groupmod
- [x] usermod ✅
 
#### 5. Which statement is a best practice for using the root account?
- [ ] Always use the root account, and switch to a standard account only when you test the system.
- [ ] Allow only help desk users to use the root account.
- [x] Always log in as a standard user, and switch the user to the root account only when you must elevate permissions. ✅
- [ ] Share the root account password with all users, and monitor account usage by using logs.

***

## KC - Editing Files

#### 1. What is the default text editor for virtually all Linux distributions?
- [ ] Visio
- [x] Vim ✅
- [ ] gedit
- [ ] Notepad

#### 2. A systems administrator is editing a text file in Vim and is in the Insert mode. The administrator wants to exit the Insert mode and return to the Command mode. What keyboard key should the administrator press?
- [ ] TAB
- [x] ESC ✅
- [ ] ENTER
- [ ] SHIFT

#### 3. A developer is editing a file in Vim, and they want to save the file and exit the editor. Which command should the developer use?
- [x] :wq ✅
- [ ] i
- [ ] x
- [ ] /g

#### 4. A systems operator is editing a file in Vim, and they want to exit the editor without saving the file. Which command should the operator use?
- [ ] ESC
- [ ] :x
- [ ] :w
- [x] :q! ✅

#### 5. Which Linux text editor has a graphical user interface (GUI)?
- [ ] nano
- [x] gedit ✅
- [ ] vi
- [ ] Vim

***

## KC - Software Management

#### 1. Which components are part of a package? (Select THREE.)
- [x] Installation instructions ✅
- [ ] User emails
- [x] Pre-compiled code ✅
- [ ] Kernel
- [ ] Feedback text
- [x] Documentation ✅

#### 2. Which command updates a Red Hat Package Manager (RPM) package?
- [ ] apt-get update
- [x] yum update <package name> ✅
- [ ] yum search <package name>
- [ ] yum check-update <package name>

#### 3. Which command enables a user to display specific packages?
- [ ] yum list available
- [ ] yum list installed
- [x] yum list installed | grep ✅
- [ ] yum list installed httpd

#### 4. Which locations can be used for storing repositories? (Select THREE.)
- [ ] Flash drive
- [x] Local hard disk drive ✅
- [ ] Random access memory (RAM)
- [ ] Temporary storage on the cloud
- [x] Internal server ✅
- [x] Online vendor site ✅

#### 5. Which program is a common utility for downloading files from a server?
- [ ] vim
- [ ] gzip
- [x] wget ✅
- [ ] find

***

## KC - Managing Log Files

#### 1. In Linux distributions, where are log files normally stored?
- [ ] /boot
- [ ] /dns
- [ ] /bin
- [x] /var/log ✅

#### 2. Which Syslog level shows the highest level of severity for an event?
- [ ] Alert (alert)
- [ ] Debug(debug)
- [x] Emergency (emerg) ✅
- [ ] Warning (warn)

#### 3. Which statements about a log file are correct? (Select TWO.)
- [ ] A log file is automatically rotated by default.
- [ ] A log file can only be viewed using an editor.
- [x] A log file can help troubleshoot issues. ✅
- [ ] A service-level agreement (SLA) is a is a type of log file.
- [x] The size and number of log files on a server can quickly increase. ✅

#### 4. Which two commands display the first 10 lines and last 10 lines of a file? (Select TWO.)
- [ ] history
- [x] tail ✅
- [ ] first
- [x] head ✅
- [ ] last

#### 5. A Linux systems administrator must perform security audits, which is a routine administration task. During a security audit, the administrator must determine which recent users have logged in to the system. Which command enables the administrator to show the users who logged in recently?
- [ ] nslookup
- [x] lastlog ✅
- [ ] users
- [ ] locate


