# Security

## KC - Introduction to Security

#### 1. What is the role of confidentiality in the confidentiality, integrity, and availability (CIA) triad?
- [ ] It ensures that resources have not been tampered with.
- [x] It ensures that resources are accessed by only authorized users access. ✅
- [ ] It ensures that resources do not contain private information.
- [ ] It ensures that resources are accessible when they are needed.

#### 2. Which security perspective is concerned with ensuring that data sent over a network is not tampered with?
- [ ] Availability
- [ ] Confidentiality
- [x] Integrity ✅
- [ ] Scalability

#### 3. Which type of threat floods a resource with multiple requests from multiple systems?
- [x] Distributed denial of service (DDoS) ✅
- [ ] Phishing
- [ ] Malware
- [ ] Man-in-the-middle

#### 4. Which option is a phase in the security lifecycle?
- [ ] Construction
- [ ] Deployment
- [x] Prevention ✅
- [ ] Provisioning

#### 5. Which option is an example of an administrative security control?
- [x] Acceptable Use Policy document ✅
- [ ] Building security camera
- [ ] Antivirus software
- [ ] Card reader device

***

## KC - Security Lifecycle: Prevention

#### 1. Which of the following tasks are a part of the prevention phase of the security lifecycle? (Select THREE.)
- [ ] Restore operations.
- [x] Identify assets to be protected. ✅
- [x] Assess asset vulnerability. ✅
- [ ] Remove malware.
- [x] Implement countermeasures. ✅
- [ ] Detect security issues.

#### 2. Which AWS service creates an inventory of the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances in an AWS account?
- [ ] Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)
- [x] AWS Systems Manager ✅
- [ ] Amazon EC2
- [ ] Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC)

#### 3. What is the benefit of using a layered security prevention strategy to protect a valuable asset?
- [ ] The valuable asset moves from one layer to another for better protection.
- [x] The valuable asset is protected by multiple layers of different types of security measures. ✅
- [ ] The strategy uses only a single layer, which is easy to implement.
- [ ] The strategy repeats the same protective measures in multiple layers for redundant protection.

#### 4. Which of the following are types of security prevention measures? (Select THREE.)
- [ ] Performance testing
- [x] Data security controls ✅
- [x] Systems hardening ✅
- [ ] Database replication
- [ ] System backup
- [x] Network hardening ✅

#### 5. Which statement describes the principle of least privilege in identity management?
- [ ] Grant users access to all resources by default.
- [ ] Grant users access to only the resources that they request.
- [x] Grant users access to only the resources that they are authorized to access. ✅
- [ ] Grant users access to no resources by default.

***

## KC - Network Hardening

#### 1. Which type of security vulnerability exposes protocols and services on a network?
- [ ] Traffic sniffing
- [ ] Internet protocol (IP) spoofing
- [x] Port scanning ✅
- [ ] Network mapping

#### 2. Which protocol should a network administrator disable or secure to protect against network discovery attacks?
- [ ] Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP)
- [x] Internet Control Message Protocol (ICMP) ✅
- [ ] Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP)
- [ ] File Transfer Protocol (FTP)

#### 3. Which statement fully describes the purpose of a firewall?
- [ ] It filters inbound packet on a network.
- [x] It filters inbound and outbound packets on a network. ✅
- [ ] If filters Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) packets on a network.
- [ ] It filters outbound packets on a network.

#### 4. Which of the following is a benefit of network segmentation? (Select TWO.)
- [ ] It expands the Internet Protocol (IP) address range of a network.
- [ ] It protects a network from network mapping attacks.
- [ ] It enables signature-based threat detection.
- [x] It allows administrators to apply different security controls to different parts of a network. ✅
- [x] It improves network traffic performance. ✅

#### 5. What is an Amazon Web Services (AWS) security group?
- [ ] A group of servers that are configured to protect resources
- [x] A firewall that protects Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances ✅
- [ ] A group of users that are allowed to access resources
- [ ] An application that is installed on Amazon Elastic Compute cloud (Amazon EC2) instances to protect them

***

## KC - Systems Hardening

#### 1. What is the primary goal of systems hardening?
- [x] To minimize security risks by reducing the set of vulnerabilities that are exposed by a system ✅
- [ ] To reduce security risks by setting a schedule of patches, regardless of time, to run once a year
- [ ] To keep all devices and services running so that they can run processes and scripts in the background
- [ ] To reduce isolated security risks by having as many systems as possible up and running

#### 2. What is a security baseline?
- [x] A starting point for determining what to secure and how to secure a system ✅
- [ ] An ending point for determining how to secure a resource
- [ ] A starting point that uses an unacceptable condition to determine what to secure
- [ ] A way to provide information that is related to company documentation and abnormal conditions

#### 3. Which task helps to harden a system?
- [ ] Allowing all permissions for all groups
- [x] Applying patches regularly ✅
- [ ] Turning off used services
- [ ] Turning on unused services

#### 4. How does physical security contribute to systems hardening?
- [ ] Applies updates to web applications and databases
- [ ] Secures applications running on a server
- [ ] Turns on antivirus and firewalls
- [x] Restricts physical access to facilities through biometrics, CCTV, and so on. ✅

#### 5. Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) tool evaluates your account and provides recommendations to help you follow AWS best practices?
- [ ] Amazon GuardDuty
- [ ] AWS Shield
- [ ] AWS CloudTrail
- [x] AWS Trusted Advisor ✅

***

## KC - Data Security

#### 1. Which term best describes the discipline that embodies the principles and techniques for providing data security?
- [ ] Encryption
- [x] Cryptography ✅
- [ ] Data integrity
- [ ] Decryption

#### 2. Which of the following is an advantage of symmetric encryption?
- [ ] It uses both a private key and a public key (a key pair).
- [x] Its key is a shared secret between the sender and the receiver. ✅
- [ ] It is considered more secure than asymmetric encryption.
- [ ] It has a complex encryption structure.

#### 3. What is the goal of encryption?
- [ ] Authentication
- [ ] Integrity
- [x] Confidentiality ✅
- [ ] Accuracy

#### 4. Which protocols use the hybrid encryption method as a mode of encryption? (Select TWO.)
- [ ] Internet Protocol (IP)
- [x] Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) ✅
- [ ] Transmission Control Protocol (TCP)
- [ ] Hyper-Text Transfer Protocol (HTTP)
- [x] Transport Layer Security (TLS) ✅

#### 5. Who possesses the private key to decrypt an asymmetrically encrypted message?
- [ ] Both the sender and recipient of the message
- [x] The recipient of the message ✅
- [ ] The sender of the message
- [ ] The device that sent the message

***

## KC - Public Key Infrastructure

#### 1. What signs and issues certificates to entities and manages trusts and relationships?
- [ ] Registration authorities (RAs)
- [ ] Certificates
- [ ] Revocation lists
- [x] Certificate authorities (CAs) ✅

#### 2. What is a digital certificate?
- [ ] A file that contains security permissions
- [ ] A component that encrypts the data exchanged between two communicating entities
- [x] An electronic credential that is used to represent the identity of an individual, computer, or other entity ✅
- [ ] An electronic credential that identifies the network used by two communicating entities

#### 3. Which resource is used with Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and Transport Layer Security (TLS) to establish a secure connection between a client and server?
- [ ] Certificate authority (CA)
- [ ] Certificate template
- [x] Private key and public key ✅
- [ ] Certificate signing request

#### 4. A company's site is giving users an error that the certificate authority (CA) is invalid. What could be the cause of this issue?
- [ ] The company's server is down.
- [x] The CA certificate has expired. ✅
- [ ] The user is using a root CA.
- [ ] The user has a connection issue.

#### 5. How is trust achieved between two parties when using public key infrastructure (PKI) principles?
- [ ] Through the exchange of private keys that validate the identities of the parties
- [ ] Through public keys and private keys that validate the identities of the parties
- [x] Through the exchange of public keys that validate the identities of the parties ✅
- [ ] By an external certificate authority (CA) that validates the identities of the parties

***
