# Python Programming

## KC - Introduction to Programming

#### 1. What is a computer program?
- [ ] A text file with instructions for the computer that are written in a programming language
- [ ] A cloud service that translates human-friendly instructions into machine code
- [ ] A language that all computers understand and process
- [x] A graphic document that describes the flow of instructions that a computer can run ✅

#### 2. How does a program that is written in a compiled language run?
- [ ] The file that contains the program is compressed before it is run.
- [ ] Each statement in the program is translated into machine code and run one at a time.
- [ ] The statements in the program are run without any translation.
- [x] The entire program is first translated into machine code before it is run ✅

#### 3. Which process represents the practice of writing software iteratively?
- [x] Write a little > Test it > Write a little more > Test it. ✅
- [ ] Write a little > Test it > Write the rest.
- [ ] Test a little > Write everything > Test a little.
- [ ] Write everything > Test everything.

#### 4. Which type of tool helps with managing updates and coordinating access to source code?
- [ ] Backup
- [ ] Email
- [ ] Instant messaging
- [x] Version control ✅

#### 5. Which option is a version control tool?
- [ ] AWS CloudTrail
- [ ] PyCharm
- [ ] Vim
- [x] Git ✅

***

## KC - Introduction to Python

#### 1. Which languages are considered to be interpreted languages? (Select TWO.)
- [ ] C
- [x] Python ✅
- [x] JavaScript ✅
- [ ] C++
- [ ] GoLang

#### 2. What are the benefits of using an integrated development environment (IDE) instead of a text editor to write code? (Select TWO.)
- [ ] IDEs offer a visual approach to software development.
- [ ] IDES offer the option to compile or interpret Python.
- [ ] IDEs convert code that is written in any programming language into Python.
- [x] IDEs suggest fixes for issues. ✅
- [x] IDEs highlight incorrect syntax. ✅

#### 3. How do you declare an integer variable in Python?
- [ ] integer daysInWeek = 7
- [ ] var daysInWeek = 7
- [ ] int daysinWeek = 7
- [x] daysinWeek = 7 ✅

#### 4. Which Python keyword is used for loop control flow mechanisms?
- [ ] if
- [ ] in
- [ ] switch
- [x] for ✅

#### 5. Which Python keywords are conditional control flow statements? (Select TWO.)
- [x] if ✅
- [x] elif ✅
- [ ] in
- [ ] is
- [ ] for

***

## KC - Python Basics

#### 1. A Python developer is creating a new identifier to store a name. How can the developer name this variable? (Select TWO.)
- [x] customerName1 ✅
- [ ] %customerName%
- [ ] 1customerName
- [x] theCustomersFamilyName ✅
- [ ] @customerName

#### 2. What are immutable data types? (Select TWO.)
- [x] Integers ✅
- [x] Strings ✅
- [ ] Byte arrays
- [ ] Dictionaries
- [ ] Lists

#### 3. How can a developer declare a string identifier? (Select TWO.)
- [ ] string msg = "I'm a message"
- [ ] string msg = "'I'm a message'"
- [x] msg = "I'm a " + "message" ✅
- [ ] #msg = "I'm a message"
- [x] msg = "I'm a message" ✅

#### 4. What is the result of the following operation: print (2*3+3**2)
- [ ] 144
- [ ] 24
- [ ] 12
- [x] 15 ✅

#### 5. A developer declared the following identifier: msg = "The answer is: " Which action would raise an exception?
- [ ] **msg2 = msg + "AWS " + 'Rocks!'**
- [ ] **msg2= msg + "'12'"**
- [ ] **msg2= msg**
- [x] msg2= msg + 12 ✅

***

## KC - Flow Control

#### 1. Which example represents a conditional statement?
- [ ] While the shopping cart is not empty, get the next item, add 10 percent of the value of the item to the reward account, and then remove the item from the shopping cart.
- [ ] Grant every customer a 5 percent discount.
- [x] If the customer has already made more than five purchases, grant them a 5 percent discount. ✅
- [ ] For every purchase that is more than ten euros, add 10 percent of the purchase to the reward account of the customer.

#### 2. Consider the following code snippet: 
```python
 def printCategory (age): 
   if age > 18: 
     print('Adult')
   elif age 65:
     print('Senior Citizen')
   else:
     print('child')
```

Which message is printed by calling printCategory(70)?
- [ ] Senior Citizen
- [ ] Adult and Senior Citizen
- [ ] Children
- [x] Adult ✅

#### 3. Which statements about the Python while loop are true? (Select TWO.)
- [x] It runs as long as a condition is true. ✅
- [ ] It runs a certain number of times.
- [x] It can run indefinitely. ✅
- [ ] The condition always involves an integer counter.
- [ ] It runs for a certain duration of time.

#### 4. Which statement about Python lists is true?
- [ ] Values are separated by semicolons [;].
- [ ] They contain keys, and each key is associated with a value.
- [x] They can contain multiple data types [such as string, int, or float] ✅
- [ ] They are denoted by braces [""] on each end of the list.


#### 5. Which sequences of flow-control constructs represent conditional statements? (Select TWO.)
- [x] if/elif/else ✅
- [ ] if
- [ ] if/elif
- [x] if/else ✅
- [ ] elif/else

***
