# Databases

## KC - Introduction to Databases

#### 1. What is a database?
- [ ] A collection of data that is organized into files called rows
- [x] A collection of data that is organized into tables ✅
- [ ] A collection of data that organized into files called datasets.
- [ ] A collection of data that is organized into files called columns

#### 2. Which database attributes accurately represent elements of a relational database? (Select TWO.)
- [ ] Forms
- [ ] Key-value pairs
- [x] Columns ✅
- [x] Tables ✅
- [ ] Horizontal scaling

#### 3. What are the primary features of a NoSQL database? (Select TWO.)
- [ ] NoSQL databases work well for customer relation management (CRM) applications or enterprise resource planning (ERP) applications.
- [x] NoSQL databases have a flexible schema. ✅
- [ ] NoSQL databases use vertical scaling.
- [x] NoSQL databases use data models that are not based on relational tables ✅
- [ ] NoSQL databases can run transactional or analytical queries.

#### 4. Which of the following is not a type of anomaly?
- [ ] Deletion anomaly
- [ ] Insertion anomaly
- [ ] Update anomaly
- [x] Structure anomaly ✅

#### 5. What is the primary benefit of using database as a service (DBaaS)?
- [ ] These databases increase the cost of installing and maintaining the servers.
- [ ] These databases are used for processing only small datasets.
- [x] These databases reduce the cost of installing and maintaining the servers. ✅
- [ ] These databases can be modified so that administrators can perform management tasks, such as server provisioning, patching, setup, configuration, backups, or recovery.

***

## KC - Data Interaction and Database Transaction

#### 1. A customer is ordering a product from an online retailer. If the payment for the transaction is successful, the Orders table must be updated so that a new order row is inserted. The stockTable table must also be updated so that product rows are removed for the purchased products. If one step fails, then all steps fail.

Which type of database transaction property does this scenario represent?
- [ ] Consistency
- [x] Atomicity ✅
- [ ] Durability
- [ ] Isolation

#### 2. The daily duties of database administrators include all of the following except which option?
- [x] Create different applications that can receive data ✅
- [ ] Use different SQL commands to interact with tables in databases
- [ ] Design, implement, administer, and monitor data in database systems
- [ ] Ensure consistency, quality, and security of the database

#### 3. What is a database transaction?
- [x] A transaction is the reproduction of one or more changes that are performed on a database. ✅
- [ ] A transaction is a web server running a webpage that gathers information from the server.
- [ ] A transaction is an application that is installed on the user computer or the application server.
- [ ] A transaction is an application written with Java that is used to embed SQL statements in the application code.

#### 4. What does the I in the term ACID compliance represent?
- [ ] The ability to ensure that any change will not violate the integrity of the database
- [ ] The ability to ensure that as soon as a transaction is committed, any interruption to database availability does not affect data consistency
- [x] The ability to concurrently process multiple transactions so that one transaction does not affect other transactions ✅
- [ ] The ability to ensure that all changes are successfully completed

#### 5. Which of the following options describes a successful transaction on a database?
- [x] A transaction on a database is successful if the transaction is committed. ✅
- [ ] A transaction on a database is successful if the transaction is active.
- [ ] A transaction on a database is successful if the transaction is partially committed.
- [ ] A transaction on a database is successful if the transaction is ended.

***

## KC - Creating Tables and Learning Different Data Types

#### 1. What is the purpose of data definition language (DDL) statements in structured query language (SQL)?
- [ ] They are used to view, change, and manipulate data in a table.
- [ ] They are used to control access to the data in a database.
- [ ] They are used to perform queries on the data in schema objects.
- [x] They are used to create and modify the structure of a database. ✅

#### 2. What is the function of the SELECT statement in structured query language (SQL)?
- [ ] Modify rows in a table
- [ ] Add or delete columns in a table
- [x] Retrieve data from a table ✅
- [ ] Revoke permissions from a user

#### 3. Which statement describes a foreign key?
- [x] It is a reference to a column in another table. ✅
- [ ] It enforces limits on the types of data that can go in a table.
- [ ] It includes words that structured query language (SQL) reserves and have predefined data types.
- [ ] It is a purposeful way to name objects or items in a database.

#### 4. Which statement defines referential integrity?
- [ ] Columns automatically have foreign key and primary key constraints.
- [ ] Rules and limitations are imposed by the database management system (DBMS).
- [x] Foreign key values must match an existing primary key value. ✅
- [ ] The primary key value matches an existing foreign key.

#### 5. What is the purpose of data manipulation language (DML) statements in structured query language (SQL)?
- [ ] They control access to the data in a database.
- [ ] They create and modify the structure of a database.
- [x] They are used to view, add, change, or delete data in a table. ✅
- [ ] They perform queries on the data within schema objects.

***

## KC - Inserting Data into a Database

#### 1. What is the most common use of a comma-separated values (CSV) file?
- [ ] To create and modify the structure of a database
- [x] To import data into or export data out of databases and spreadsheets ✅
- [ ] To remove a table definition and all the table data
- [ ] To delete records in an existing table

#### 2. What is the function of a NULL value in structured query language (SQL)?
- [ ] It is used to provide a description of the specified table or view.
- [ ] It is a constraint that forces a column to not accept NULL values.
- [x] It is used to represent a missing value. ✅
- [ ] It is a NULL value that represents a Boolean value.

#### 3. How is a comma-separated values (CSV) file validated before it is imported into a database?
- [ ] Confirm that values are enclosed with single quotation marks (' ') for character values or date values.
- [x] Confirm that the structure of the data in the file matches the number of columns in the table and the type of data in each column. ✅
- [ ] Verify that the information in the file is formatted in several columns.
- [ ] Confirm that each piece of information in the file is placed in a new row. Change every character in a string to lowercase.

#### 4. What is the purpose of the CONCAT function in structured query language (SQL)?
- [ ] It creates a substring with a specified length.
- [ ] It returns the number of rows in a table.
- [x] It combines strings from several columns and puts them together in one line. ✅
- [ ] It removes characters from the beginning and end of a string.

#### 5. What are two ways to use the INSERT INTO statement? (Select TWO.)
- [x] To add a new record to a table ✅
- [ ] To create a new table
- [x] To add new data to a database ✅
- [ ] To add new data to a table with a different number of headers
- [ ] To clean the data in a comma-separated values (CSV) file

***

## KC - Selecting Data from a Database

#### 1. Which statement describes the purpose of a WHERE clause in a SELECT statement?
- [ ] The WHERE clause uses a column identifier to organize the result-set data into groups.
- [ ] The WHERE clause sorts query results by one or more columns in either ascending or descending order.
- [x] The WHERE clause requests only specific rows from a table. ✅
- [ ] The WHERE clause provides an alias for each column or expression.

#### 2. Which clause is required to complete a SELECT statement?
- [ ] ORDER BY
- [x] FROM ✅
- [ ] HAVING
- [ ] GROUP BY

#### 3. Which term describes what the WHERE clause represents in the SELECT-FROM-WHERE statement?
- [ ] Operator
- [ ] Constraint
- [ ] Query
- [x] Condition ✅

#### 4. What does an asterisk (*) do in a structured query language (SQL) query?
- [ ] Select all keys
- [ ] Select all rows
- [ ] Select all tables
- [x] Select all columns ✅

#### 5. A database developer created a complex SELECT query. They want to ensure that other developers can understand each line in this query.
What is the correct way for the developer to create a single-line comment within the query?
- [ ] !--- comment ---
- [x] -- comment ✅
- [ ] /* comment */
- [ ] ## comment

***
