# Systems Operations

## KC - System Operations

#### 1. What is a benefit of automating systems operations tasks?
- [ ] Reduced cost of infrastructure because of resource reuse
- [ ] Improved application performance
- [x] Repeatable deployment of infrastructure on demand ✅
- [ ] Smaller database storage size

#### 2. Which of the following is a systems operations task?
- [x] Develop reusable templates to build the infrastructure where an application runs. ✅
- [ ] Design the database used by an application.
- [ ] Write the code that implements an application function.
- [ ] Analyze the functional requirements for an application.

#### 3. A network engineer must create an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) policy for an Amazon S3 bucket. Which policy type should the engineer use?
- [ ] Access control list (ACL)
- [ ] Identity-based policy
- [ ] Service control policy (SCP)
- [x] Resource-based policy ✅

#### 4. Which statements are best practices for AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)? (Select TWO.)
- [ ] Use root user credentials for daily administration.
- [x] Use IAM roles to provide cross-account access. ✅
- [x] Delegate administrative functions according to the principle of least privilege. ✅
- [ ] Keep the same credentials to have continuity among users and roles.
- [ ] Assign root user privileges to all administrators.

#### 5. Which part of the following AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI) command specifies the operation to be performed?
```bash
aws ec2 stop-instances --instance-id i-1234567890abcdef0 --output json
```
- [ ] ec2
- [x] stop-instances ✅
- [ ] --instance-id
- [ ] --output json

***
