# Getting Started with Storage

#### 1. What is the definition of object-based storage?
- [ ] Object storage is a method of storing files based on folders and subfolders.
- [ ] Object storage is a method of storing data based on a hierarchical structure of directories and subdirectories.
- [x] Object storage is a method of storing files based on attributes and metadata. ✅
- [ ] Object storage is a method of storing files in individual blocks located on a hard drive.

#### 2. Which storage class is for raw storage of data in fixed-sized chunks, each with a unique identifier?
- [ ] Gateway
- [x] Block ✅
- [ ] File
- [ ] Object

#### 3. Which option is a typical use case for Amazon S3?
- [x] Object storage for media hosting ✅
- [ ] Object storage for a boot drive
- [ ] Block storage for an Amazon EC2 instance
- [ ] File storage for multiple Amazon EC2 instances

#### 4. An employee at a healthcare facility must store 7 years of patient information that is rarely accessed.
  Which Amazon S3 storage tier is the best choice?
- [ ] Amazon S3 Standard
- [ ] Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering
- [x] Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive ✅
- [ ] Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access

#### 5. Which of the following items are types of cloud storage available in AWS? (Select THREE.)
- [ ] Referential
- [x] File ✅
- [x] Block ✅
- [ ] Distributed
- [x] Object
- [ ] Endpoint

#### 6. Which types of data does Amazon S3 offer encryption for? (Select TWO.)
- [x] Data at rest ✅
- [ ] Data from endpoints
- [ ] Data at the edge
- [x] Data in transit ✅
- [ ] Data in archive

#### 7. When naming an Amazon S3 bucket, a developer must choose something that is unique. For which portions of AWS must the bucket name be unique?
- [ ] Within the developer's AWS account
- [x] Globally across all AWS accounts ✅
- [ ] Across all of the developer's AWS accounts
- [ ] Within a Region

#### 8. When a developer creates an Amazon S3 bucket, they can set access permissions. Suppose that they leave the defaults and make no changes to the settings.
  Who can view objects in the bucket?
- [ ] Subscribers to the developer's application
- [x] Only the developer ✅
- [ ] The public
- [ ] Anyone in the developer's organization

#### 9. Which storage service is recommended if a customer needs a storage layer for a database attached to an Amazon EC2 instance?
- [x] Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) ✅
- [ ] Amazon S3
- [ ] Amazon S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval
- [ ] Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)

#### 10. Amazon S3 is priced based on the storage class and features that the user chooses. Which items is the user charged for? (Select THREE.)
- [ ] DELETE and CANCEL requests
- [ ] Transfers OUT to Amazon EC2 in the same Region
- [x] Transfers OUT to other Regions or the internet ✅
- [x] GB storage per month ✅
- [x] PUT, COPY, POST, LIST, and GET requests ✅
- [ ] Transfers between S3 buckets in the same Region
- [ ] Transfers IN to Amazon S3

#### 11. A developer can use Amazon S3 to configure Cross-Region Replication of objects.
  What is one benefit of enabling Cross-Region Replication?
- [ ] Minimize tracking requirements by having multiple copies of each object
- [x] Minimize latency by maintaining object copies in AWS Regions that are geographically closer to their users ✅
- [ ] Minimize the number of Amazon EC2 instances needed to access their objects
- [ ] Minimize administrative time by giving multiple administrators object access

#### 12. A gaming company has data access patterns that are often unpredictable. Which storage class could they use to help minimize costs?
- [ ] Amazon S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access
- [x] Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering ✅
- [ ] Amazon S3 Standard
- [ ] Amazon S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval

#### 13. Lifecycle rules define the actions that Amazon S3 can apply to a group of objects to store them cost effectively.
  Which two types of actions can lifecycle rules apply to an object? (Select TWO.)
- [x] Expiration actions ✅
- [ ] Archive actions
- [ ] Duplication actions
- [x] Transition actions ✅
- [ ] Alert actions


