# Getting Started with Compute

#### 1. Which AWS computing service would a developer choose if they wanted to run a serverless application?
- [x] AWS Lambda ✅
- [ ] Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)
- [ ] AWS Elastic Beanstalk
- [ ] Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS)

#### 2. A developer wants to deploy and manage containerized applications. Which service should they use?
- [x] Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) ✅
- [ ] Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)
- [ ] AWS Lambda
- [ ] AWS Elastic Beanstalk

#### 3. Which statement is correct about the architecture of an EC2 instance?
- [x] The instance is placed within a security group, within a subnet, within a virtual private cloud (VPC), and within a Region. ✅
- [ ] The instance is placed within a security group, within a subnet, within a Region, and within a virtual private cloud (VPC).
- [ ] The instance is placed within a virtual private cloud (VPC), within a security group, within a subnet, and within a Region.
- [ ] The instance is placed within a subnet, within a security group, within a virtual private cloud (VPC), and within a Region.

#### 4. A developer has a workload that will run for a total of 6 months and can withstand interruptions. What would be the most cost-efficient Amazon EC2 purchasing option?
- [ ] On-Demand Instances
- [ ] Reserved Instances
- [ ] Savings Plans Instances
- [x] Spot Instances ✅

#### 5. Which of the following configuration choices affect the pricing of an EC2 instance? (Select THREE.)
- [ ] The key pair
- [x] The instance type ✅
- [ ] The AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) role
- [ ] The security group
- [x] The Amazon Machine Image (AMI) ✅
- [x] The storage configuration ✅

#### 6. Which of the following statements about security groups are true? (Select TWO.)
- [x] Security groups can be modified at any time. ✅
- [ ] Security groups can be modified, but a user must stop the instance first.
- [ ] Security groups cannot be modified.
- [ ] Security groups act as a firewall to protect a subnet.
- [x] Security groups act as a firewall to protect an instance. ✅

#### 7. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling can help to scale EC2 instances.
Which kind of scaling methodology does Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling support?
- [ ] Scaling up but not scaling out
- [x] Horizontal scaling ✅
- [ ] Horizontal and vertical scaling
- [ ] Vertical scaling

#### 8. Which definition best describes Elastic Load Balancing (ELB)?
- [ ] A service that provides data that can be used to monitor applications, optimize resource utilization, and respond to system-wide performance changes
- [x] A service that distributes incoming traffic across multiple targets, such as EC2 instances ✅
- [ ] A service that can be used to set up, manage, and scale a distributed in-memory or cache environment in the cloud
- [ ] A service that monitors applications and automatically adds or removes capacity from resource groups in response to changing demand

#### 9. A developer has a workload that will use Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling to launch additional instances when workloads increase and to terminate instances when workloads decrease.
What would be the most cost-efficient Amazon EC2 purchasing option for the instances that will be launched and terminated?
- [ ] Reserved Instances
- [ ] Spot Instances
- [ ] Savings Plans Instances
- [x] On-Demand Instances ✅

#### 10. Which of the following options are components of an instance type? (Select THREE.)
- [ ] Public IP address
- [x] CPU ✅
- [x] Memory ✅
- [ ] Operating system
- [ ] Application server software
- [x] Network performance ✅

#### 11. A developer wants to retain data after an instance is deleted. Which storage option should they choose?
- [ ] Amazon EC2 Instance Store
- [x] Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) ✅
- [ ] AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) roles
- [ ] AWS Lambda

#### 12. A developer is about to launch an EC2 instance in the AWS Management Console.
Which configuration option must they choose first before they start the Amazon EC2 launch wizard?
- [ ] The virtual private cloud (VPC)
- [ ] The key pair
- [ ] The Amazon Machine Image (AMI)
- [x] The Region ✅

#### 13. Which of the following statements are true about Amazon EC2 instance store volumes? (Select TWO.)
- [ ] The volumes can be encrypted.
- [ ] The volumes can be stopped and still retain data on the volume.
- [x] The volumes can act as a root volume. ✅
- [x] The volumes can be rebooted and still retain data on the volume. ✅
- [ ] The volumes can be retained after the instance is terminated.

#### 14. Which definition best describes the AWS Marketplace?
- [ ] A digital catalog that includes thousands of EC2 instance types that users can use
- [ ] A dashboard for users to manage their instance costs
- [ ] A digital catalog that includes thousands of AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) roles ready for
- [ ] use
- [x] A digital catalog that includes thousands of software listings ✅

#### 15. In which step of the Amazon EC2 launch wizard does a developer choose the operating system that will run on their instance?
- [ ] The advanced details
- [x] The Amazon Machine Image (AMI) ✅
- [ ] The network settings
- [ ] The instance type
