# Getting Started with Networking

#### 1. Which virtual private cloud (VPC) feature has a cost associated with it?
- [ ] Internet gateways
- [x] NAT gateways ✅
- [ ] The main route table
- [ ] Subnets

#### 2. Which statement is true about building a highly available VPC?
- [x] Place more than one subnet in at least two Availability Zones. ✅
- [ ] Place more than one subnet in at least two Regions.
- [ ] Attach two internet gateways to your VPC.
- [ ] Place multiple subnets in the same Availability Zone.

#### 3. How many IP addresses does AWS reserve when you create a subnet in a VPC?
- [ ] Two IP addresses
- [ ] Four IP addresses
- [ ] One IP address
- [x] Five IP addresses ✅

#### 4. Which statement about security groups is true?
- [ ] Security groups can be used to block suspicious IP addresses.
- [ ] Security groups are stateless.
- [ ] Security groups can be used on only one instance at a time.
- [x] Security groups are stateful. ✅

#### 5. Which of the following choices are main components of a VPC? (Select THREE.)
- [ ] Elastic IP address
- [x] Network access control list (network ACL) ✅
- [ ] NAT gateway
- [x] Subnets ✅
- [x] Route table ✅
- [ ] AWS VPN

#### 6. Which of the following statements about network ACLs are correct? (Select TWO.)
- [ ] Network ACLs evaluate all rules before making a decision to allow traffic.
- [x] Network ACLs evaluate rules in order (from the lowest to the highest) before making a decision to allow traffic. ✅
- [ ] Network ACL rules only let you allow traffic but not deny traffic.
- [x] Network ACL rules let you allow or deny traffic. ✅
- [ ] Network ACLs evaluate rules in order (from the highest to lowest) before making a decision to allow traffic.

#### 7. Which feature in Amazon VPC can you use so that an IP address will be retained if an instance fails?
- [x] Elastic IP address ✅
- [ ] VPC peering
- [ ] Internet gateway
- [ ] Route tables

#### 8. Which AWS service is a highly available and scalable Domain Name System (DNS) web service?
- [ ] AWS Direct Connect
- [ ] Amazon VPC
- [ ] NAT Gateway
- [x] Amazon Route 53 ✅

#### 9. Which statement about subnets is true?
- [ ] You can reconfigure the size of your subnet.
- [ ] Subnets can be associated with multiple VPCs.
- [ ] Subnets can be associated with multiple route tables.
- [x] Subnets cannot span multiple Availability Zones. ✅

#### 10. Which of the following components are automatically created for you when you create a VPC? (Select THREE.)
- [ ] A public subnet
- [x] A network ACL ✅
- [ ] An EC2 instance
- [x] A main route table ✅
- [ ] A private subnet
- [x] A security group ✅
