# Getting Started with Databases

#### 1. An AWS solutions architect needs a database for a data set that has variations in the data. Not every piece of data shares the same attributes.
Which database should the solutions architect choose?
- [ ] Amazon Neptune
- [ ] Amazon RDS
- [ ] Amazon Quantum Ledger Database (Amazon QLDB)
- [x] Amazon DynamoDB ✅

#### 2. When using Amazon RDS, which database task is the customer's responsibility?
- [ ] Install the RDBMS onto the database instance.
- [ ] Install patches to the operating system for the database instance.
- [x] Optimize the database. ✅
- [ ] Provision and manage the underlying infrastructure.

#### 3. A new application requires a MySQL Amazon RDS database. Assuming a developer is using an AWS Direct Connect connection into AWS, which factor will contribute to the estimated cost of the Amazon RDS instance?
- [x] Expected volume of data transfer out of the database ✅
- [ ] Expected volume of data transfer into the database
- [ ] Expected volume of data transfer is not a factor because AWS Direct Connect is in use
- [ ] Expected volume of data transfer both into and out of the database

#### 4. You can pay for Amazon RDS using which of the following instance types? (Choose TWO.)
- [ ] Scheduled
- [x] On-demand ✅
- [ ] Provisioned
- [ ] Spot
- [x] Reserved ✅

#### 5. Which of the following are characteristics of Amazon RDS read replicas? (Choose THREE.)
- [ ] Synchronous block-level replication
- [x] All instances are accessible and can be used for read scalability ✅
- [x] Can be manually promoted to a standalone database instance ✅
- [ ] Database engine version upgrades happen on primary
- [x] Can be within an Availability Zone, cross-Availability Zone, or cross-Region ✅
- [ ] Asynchronous storage capacity

#### 6. When provisioning an Amazon RDS instance, which of the following storage types are available? (Select THREE.)
- [x] Magnetic ✅
- [ ] Protected IOPS SSD
- [ ] General Purpose IOPS
- [ ] Universal Purpose SSD
- [x] Provisioned IOPS SSD ✅
- [x] General Purpose SSD ✅

#### 7. When designing an Amazon RDS database, which group would you use to control connections to the database instances?
- [x] VPC security groups ✅
- [ ] Auto scaling groups
- [ ] IAM policies
- [ ] Parameter groups

#### 8. Which of the following are characteristics of Amazon RDS multi-AZ deployment? (Choose THREE.)
- [ ] Asynchronous replication
- [x] Synchronous block-level replication ✅
- [x] Automated backups are taken from standby ✅
- [x] Automatic failover to standby when a problem is detected ✅
- [ ] When a problem is detected, failover to a standby is a manual process
- [ ] No backups configured by default

#### 9. Which of the following database engines can be run by Amazon RDS? (Choose THREE.)
- [ ] Seal SQL
- [x] Amazon Aurora ✅
- [x] PostgreSQL ✅
- [ ] Spark SQL
- [ ] IBM DB2
- [x] Oracle ✅

#### 10. Which of the following security groups can control access to your Amazon RDS database instance? (Choose THREE.)
- [ ] Amazon Aurora Security Groups
- [x] Database Security Groups ✅
- [x] Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) Security Groups ✅
- [ ] Amazon Cognito Security Groups
- [ ] Amazon RDS Security Groups
- [x] Amazon EC2 Security Groups ✅
