# Getting Started with Cloud Operations

#### 1. Which AWS service provides rightsizing recommendations from a cost savings perspective?
- [ ] AWS Health Dashboard
- [ ] Amazon CloudWatch
- [x] AWS Trusted Advisor ✅
- [ ] AWS Cost Explorer

#### 2. You want to set custom budgets to track your costs and usage and respond quickly to alerts that are received from email or SNS notifications if you exceed your threshold. Which service should you use?
- [ ] AWS Cost Explorer
- [ ] AWS Billing conductor
- [x] AWS Budgets ✅
- [ ] AWS Costs and usage reports

#### 3. Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework focuses on structured and streamlined allocation of IT and computing resources?
- [ ] Security pillar
- [ ] Operational Excellence pillar
- [x] Performance pillar ✅
- [ ] Reliability pillar

#### 4. Which is the minimum recommended support plan that you should have if you have production workloads in AWS?
- [x] Business Support ✅
- [ ] Enterprise On-Ramp Support
- [ ] Basic Support
- [ ] Developer Support
- [ ] Enterprise Support

#### 5. Which option makes up the three categories of AWS Free Tier?
- [ ] 6 months free, Always free, limited trials
- [ ] 6 months free, Always free, enterprise account trials
- [x] 12 months free, Always free, limited trials ✅
- [ ] 12 months free, Always free, enterprise account trials

#### 6. Which AWS service would you use to audit user actions in your AWS account?
- [ ] AWS Organizations
- [ ] Amazon CloudWatch
- [ ] AWS Health Dashboard
- [x] AWS CloudTrail ✅

#### 7. Which AWS service would you use to manage multiple AWS accounts?
- [ ] AWS Config
- [ ] AWS Health Dashboard
- [ ] AWS Systems Manager
- [x] AWS Organizations ✅

#### 8. Which AWS service would you use to help you understand and manage your AWS costs and usage over time in a visual interface?
- [x] AWS Cost Explorer ✅
- [ ] AWS Budgets
- [ ] AWS Costs and usage reports
- [ ] AWS Billing conductor

#### 9. Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework focuses on workloads performing their intended functions and recovering quickly from failure to meet demands?
- [ ] Security pillar
- [ ] Operational Excellence pillar
- [ ] Performance pillar
- [x] Reliability pillar ✅

#### 10. How can you use Amazon CloudWatch to enhance operational performance and resource optimization? (Choose TWO.)
- [x] Set alarms that trigger automated actions. ✅
- [ ] Identify actions taken by account users.
- [ ] Identify which users and accounts call AWS.
- [x] Collect operational data in the form of logs. ✅
- [ ] Distribute application traffic across multiple targets.
