# Getting Started with Security 

#### 1. Which is AWS's responsibility under the AWS shared responsibility model?
- [ ] Configuring for public or private access for VPCs
- [ ] Security group configurations
- [ ] Granting access to customer data
- [x] Maintaining physical hardware ✅

#### 2. Which is a best practice in IAM concerning the root user?
- [x] Do not use root account credentials for day-to-day interactions with AWS. ✅
- [ ] Share the root user account login credentials with at least one other administrator.
- [ ] Use the root user for daily administration tasks.
- [ ] Do not enable MFA for the root user.

#### 3. An IAM policy that allows access to an Amazon S3 bucket is attached to an IAM user. The Amazon S3 bucket has a bucket policy that denies the IAM user access to the bucket. Which statement is true about the conflicting IAM and resource policies?
- [ ] A resource policy always overrides an IAM policy. The IAM user cannot access the bucket.
- [ ] An IAM policy always overrides a resource policy. The IAM user can access the bucket.
- [ ] A policy with an allow statement overrides an allow statement. The IAM user can access the bucket.
- [x] A policy with a deny statement overrides an allow statement. The IAM user cannot access the bucket. ✅

#### 4. Which service would you use to authenticate and authorize users on your web application?
- [ ] IAM
- [x] Amazon Cognito ✅
- [ ] Amazon KMS
- [ ] Amazon secrets manager

#### 5. Which section on the IAM policy statement determines whether the user's access is being denied or allowed?
- [ ] Statement
- [x] Effect ✅
- [ ] Action
- [ ] Resource

#### 6. Which two services are designed specifically for data protection? (Choose TWO.)
- [ ] GuardDuty
- [ ] Amazon Cognito
- [ ] Amazon Inspector
- [x] Secrets Manager ✅
- [x] AWS KMS ✅

#### 7. Which statement is true in regards to what is required for a user to assume a role?
- [ ] All IAM users can assume roles in an AWS account, unless a deny policy specifies that they cannot. 
- [ ] All IAM users can assume roles in an AWS account.
- [ ] The user needs to be defined as the principal that you trust to assume the role in the user's IAM policy. 
- [x] The user needs to be defined as the principal that you trust to assume the role in the trust policy. ✅

#### 8. You want an added layer of security to authenticate a user when the user logs in. What should you do?
- [ ] Place the IAM user in a specific IAM group
- [x] Enable multi-factor authentication (MFA) on the IAM user's account ✅
- [ ] Use Amazon inspector
- [ ] Delete the IAM user's access keys

#### 9. Which service helps protect your application on AWS from DDOS attacks?
- [x] Shield ✅
- [ ] Amazon Inspector
- [ ] Secrets Manager
- [ ] GuardDuty

#### 10. What can you do in IAM to help you evaluate whether the principle of least privileged is being enforced? (Choose TWO.)
- [ ] Create a single IAM user and provide the login credentials to users with the same job functions.
- [ ] Use the IAM credential report to perform audits.
- [ ] Provide the IAM user with a broad set of permissions and scale back as needed.
- [x] Provide the IAM user with a limited set of permissions and increase as needed. ✅
- [x] Use the IAM Access Analyzer to help fine grain the IAM users' permissions. ✅
