# Getting Started with Serverless

#### 1. Which of the following are serverless benefits? (Select THREE.)
- [ ] Memory is automatically set
- [ ] Audit with ease
- [x] No server management ✅
- [x] High availability ✅
- [x] Continuous scaling ✅

#### 2. Which is a feature of Amazon CloudFront that lets you run code closer to users of your application, which improves performance and reduces latency?
- [ ] API Gateway
- [ ] State machine
- [ ] Step Functions
- [x] Lambda@Edge ✅

#### 3. Which AWS Service allows you to create, publish, maintain, monitor, and secure APIs? These APIs act as "front doors" for your applications.
- [ ] AWS Step Functions
- [ ] AWS Fargate
- [x] Amazon API Gateway ✅
- [ ] Amazon SQS

#### 4. Which of the following statements about invocation models are correct? (Select THREE.)
- [x] Amazon S3 triggers Lambda through an asynchronous push. ✅
- [ ] When Alexa is the event source, Lambda makes three attempts to invoke the function before putting the failed invocation into the dead letter queue (DLQ).
- [x] Amazon SQS triggers Lambda using the polling invocation model. ✅
- [ ] DynamoDB must have an execution role to invoke Lambda.
- [x] Amazon API Gateway triggers Lambda synchronously. ✅

#### 5. Which of the following IAM entities must be included in an execution role for a Lambda function to interact with other services, such as DynamoDB? (Select TWO.)
- [x] IAM policy that defines the actions that can be taken within DynamoDB ✅
- [ ] AWS Serverless Application Model (AWS SAM) to help manage your policies.
- [ ] IAM group defining users of the Lambda function
- [x] Trust policy that grants "AssumeRole" permission to Lambda to act on DynamoDB ✅
- [ ] IAM user with admin permissions to Lambda and DynamoDB

#### 6. Which would you use to analyze details about an invocation to look for a bottleneck?
- [ ] Amazon CloudWatch
- [ ] AWS CloudTrail
- [x] AWS X-Ray ✅
- [ ] Dead-letter queue

#### 7. What does an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) resource-based policy control?
- [ ] What the function can do within the other AWS services
- [ ] Permissions to create the function
- [x] Permissions to invoke the function ✅
- [ ] What the other AWS services can do when processing the events

#### 8. What is the importance of the IAM execution role?
- [ ] Allows groups of users to invoke the execution role to test the function
- [ ] Allows individual users control over creating and authoring the function
- [ ] Gives your function permissions to run within an account
- [x] Gives your function permissions to interact with other services ✅

#### 9. Which of the following patterns are Lambda invocation models? (Select THREE.)
- [ ] Trigger 
- [x] Polling ✅
- [x] Asynchronous ✅
- [ ] First In-First Out (FIFO)
- [x] Synchronous ✅

#### 10. Which of the following are reasons a developer would set a concurrency limit (or reserve) on a function? (Select THREE.)
- [x] To match the limit with a downstream resource ✅
- [x] To manage costs ✅
- [ ] To help CloudWatch track logging events
- [x] To regulate how long it takes to process a batch of events ✅
- [ ] To limit the memory that is used
